Api Gateway Dual GW Arch model documentation update (#2500)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/consul/v2.0.x/content/docs/upgrade/api-gateway.mdx

>   <CodeBlockConfig hideClipboard filename="referencegrant.yaml">

Reviewer: This doc has no coverage of the Consul 1.x → 2.0.x OCP upgrade path.
The file only fixes apiVersion strings. It should includes following if possible:

* `installK8sNetworkingCRDs` flag and why it matters on upgrade
* `manager: helm` cleanup steps when upgrading from a release that had `installK8sNetworkingCRDs: true`
* `status.storedVersions` migration for `grpcroutes` and `referencegrants` before an OCP 4.16 → 4.20 cluster upgrade
* Cleanup of orphaned *tcproutes/tlsroutes/udproutes* CRDs that OCP 4.20 Ingress Operator flags as unmanaged

These are real production blockers we hit with a customer doing this exact upgrade path — happy to share the full case details if it helps scope the doc work.

Reviewer 2: refer https://github.com/hashicorp/web-unified-docs/pull/2770/

  $ helm upgrade --values values.yaml --namespace consul --version <NEW_VERSION> <DEPLOYMENT_NAME> hashicorp/consul
  ```

>   Note that the upgrade will cause the Consul API gateway controller shut down and restart with the new version.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  Note that the upgrade causes the Consul API gateway controller shut down and restart with the new version.
```
